Mage release 1.6 changelog (#690)
memgraph/docs: mage/changelog.md

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

## v1.6 - Jan 30, 2023

### Major Features and Improvements

> - Update`setup` script to halt if build fails on C++ or Rust side
>   [#194](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/194)
> - Add `meta_util` to generate a graph schema as a graph result
>   [#187](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/187)
> - Rewrite distance calculator in C++ due to problem with slow execution off `single` method multiple times in Python
>   [#191](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/191)
> - Port dynamic graph analytics to the C++ API for better performance
>   [#182](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/182)
> - Add module `elastic_search_serialization` to enable developers to serialize Memgraph into Elastic search instance using basic authentication
>   [#170](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/170)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `setup` script now halts if the build fails on C++ or Rust side [#194](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/194)
- With the `meta_util.schema()` procedure, you can generate a graph schema as a graph result [#187](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/187)
- The execution of the `single` method multiple times has been improved by rewriting the distance calculator from Python to C++ [#191](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/191)
- Dynamic graph analytics have been ported to C++ to improve performance  [#182](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/182)
- New module `elastic_search_serialization` enables developers to serialize Memgraph into Elasticsearch instance using basic authentication [#170](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/170)
```
